**[D&D Beyond Link](https://www.dndbeyond.com/characters/114510885)**

"Small but mighty," that's what mom always said, but you never felt mighty, especially when the other halfling children poked fun at your odd eyes. One was the normal hazel that most had, and one an odd eerie, almost sickly, green. It was simply taunting and teasing verbally until your teens; that's when the physical abuse started. Rocks slung through your window at all hours of the day. Other times, you'd be in the forest gathering odd ingredients for that day's meals when an arrow would narrowly miss your cheek. Always near the green eye.

The worst of it happened the night of the festival. Most of your usual aggressors were too drunk to function, but three of them were just drunk enough to knock you out and drag you to the abandoned mill. They tied you to the grindstone and spun you around, using you for target practice. Knives, darts, rocks, and glass—whatever would leave marks or damage. All it took was a single well-placed knife lodging itself between your wrist and the binding. You felt the trickle of blood traveling down your wrist but something else too. Movement. Your hand was able to move, and while the three drunkards laughed and clapped, their attention was misplaced. Freeing your hand, you grabbed the handle of the knife and launched it toward one, burying it in their collarbone.

Untying the rest of your appendages, you rushed the three. Pulling the knife from one and slicing at the other two. Too long had you put up with their attacks. A couple of well-placed slices to the back of their legs and the three of them were writhing on the ground. They’d be able to walk again but not for a good long time and not without remembering you every step they took. Placing a well-deserved kick to each of them, you dragged them one by one into a cart at the mill. "Small but mighty," the words screamed in your head now.

Pulling the cart, you stopped in the center of the festival. Odd looks from the villagers fell upon you as you climbed into the back. The looks turning to gasps as you tossed the drunken men over the edge to the ground. Silence fell amongst the onlookers. "I’m done. Done with all of you, the side-eye glances, the whispered words you thought I couldn’t hear, the abuse you let happen to me day after day for years. Simply because you were too afraid of MY FUCKING EYE. I don’t know why it is the way it is, but hells, my mother could love me just fine until her dying days, but you lot felt the need to make me into your little monster. The one you hide from at the mere sight of. Well, guess you finally got what you wanted, you made me this way, now kindly leave me the fuck alone." Speech done, you jumped from the cart, landing on one of the men’s legs. A sickening crunch from a bone snapping under the weight echoed throughout the night. A path cleared for you as you walked away from the festival center, people still watching as you walked to the edge of town to your house.

Once inside, you gathered everything you could, then, without looking back, set the home ablaze. You ran for what felt like an eternity, legs cramping, body aching, and a pain like no other welling up inside you. Six days since you left, and it was catching up to you. Exhaustion took hold and amongst some wayward pines, you found shelter and slept for two days.

**Much much later**

Shooting up from your bed, "Has it really been 10 years already?" You shook the dream/memory out of your head, "as far as I know they never looked for me and I wouldn’t have cared if they did." A letter with a black seal sat on the desk in your room, "Guess it’s another job assignment…"